Y'all youngsters don't know nothing about Logic
Back in my day, motherfucker, he was that motherfucking nigga
It was Logic, Michael Jackson, Prince, James Brown
Logic be walking out on stage in a white blouse
With two tigers next to him and dolphins behind him

Overnight, we ain't make it overnight
I had plenty sober nights, why you think I sip at night?
O- o- Over- vernight, we ain't make it overnight
I had plenty sober nights, why you think I sip at night?
Watch the Bic ignite, open up, bitch, I'm loaded up
Loaded up, what the fuck? Always in the cut, eyes never shut
Let the pen bleed, fuck the feed, hoping they all remember me
Enemies, we all got them, only ones that are from the bottom
Who I love, place no one above, none above
If you was there when I was starving, you can pull up to grub

Over- overnight, we ain't make it overnight
I had plenty sober nights, why you think I sip at night?
Watch the Bic ignite, this life is not enough
You've really made it tough
This life is not enough, you've really made it tough

Can't say that I ain't never had doubts
I remember them days, it was trapped out
I remember them days, no place to stay
Fast forward, the crib got a back house
I remember them girls that went back out
Fast forward, I'm blowing they back out
Fast forward, I'm throwing these racks out
'Cause I know that I'm a get it back now, uh
From the cage to the stage
They don't know the songs, can tell by the way that they rage, uh
I'm faced by the shade they throwing
I'm knowing that no one can block the rays, uh
Through all of the years
The growing kept going, like, how are you not amazed?
Uh, through all of the years
Being broke as fuck, we finally got a break
Castro, Lenny, and Bobby, the energy godly
They loving the crew like it was the motley
6ix on the beat like he switch with Tommy

Over Overnight, we ain't make it overnight
I had plenty sober nights, why you think I sip at night?
Watch the Bic ignite, this life is not enough
You've really made it tough
This life is not enough, you've really made it tough (uh)

Went from being around the block, bitch, to traveling the planet
Took the treasure with the tragic, up and down, it's mathematics
Matthew C.P., never knew that we were makin' history
Just did it for the love, the future's such a mystery
Real all the time, be real to the grind
Never knew we'd make it through them dark days and shine, ha

Takin' it in, raking it in, money, we makin' again
Paying the rent, now allow me to vent, now allow me to vent
Now allow me to light this straight, but shit can get so bad
Like time and space, feelin' interstellar, feelin' high as a propeller
Like I'm in a novella, like I am in a screen
I'm ready to scream, feel like I'm in between this world
And the next, it's so complex
I'm talking about virtual space
I know my lyrics is all over the place
I'm writing my raps in a different way
From back in the day, not

Overnight, we ain't make it overnight
I had plenty sober nights, why you think I sip at night?
O-o-over overnight, we ain't make it overnight
I had plenty sober nights, why you think I sip at night?
Watch the Bic ignite, open up, bitch, I'm loaded up
Loaded up, what the fuck? Always in the cut, eyes never shut
Let the pen bleed, fuck the feed, hoping they all remember me
Enemies, we all got them, only ones that are from the bottom
Who I love, place no one above, none above
If you was there when I was starving, you can pull up to grub

Damn, it's cold as shit
Where are we going in from?
Boss said he'd let us in through this door
Well, where is he?
He knows we're here, so he should come out any second
You boys ready?
Hell, yeah
(What's up, fellas, how y'all doin'?)
Hey, Boss, man, how you doin'?
(What up, Boss? Hey, yo, what up, Boss?)
(Alright, GRVTY's got the camera set up)
(And everybody's good to go, y'all ready?)
Man, hell, yeah
(Alright, the stage is literally to the right of this door)
(So I'll go in and announce you, here's your mic)
Thanks a lot, bro
(Ayy, you alright, bro?)
Yeah, nah, I'm just, I'm just nervous, and still a little high
But I'm fuckin' hyped, man, this is gonna be crazy
(Alright, it's go time, baby, let's do this)
Yo, Logic, you got this shit, kill that shit
Yo, it's fuckin' cracking in here
Man, that bitch is bad as shit
(Alright, y'all, the moment is finally here)
(They call me DJBossPlayer)
(If you came out here to turn up)
(Make some motherfucking noise right now)
(So, now, without further ado)
(I want y'all to make some motherfucking noise)
(For the spitter from Gaithersburg, Maryland)
(Make some noise for my boy, Logic)